README.md, before:

# Mohamed Hossam's Portfolio Website
A modern, responsive portfolio website showcasing my skills, projects, and professional information. Built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, this portfolio features a clean design with smooth animations and interactive elements.

## 🌐 Live Demo

Visit the live website: [https://mo-hossam-stack.github.io/my-project/](https://mo-hossam-stack.github.io/my-project/)

## ✨ Features

- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout that works on all devices
- **Modern UI**: Clean and professional design with smooth animations
- **Interactive Elements**: 
  - Animated skill bars
  - Smooth scrolling navigation
  - Interactive project cards
  - Social media integration
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading times and smooth animations
- **Cross-browser Compatible**: Works on all modern browsers

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
  - Flexbox
  - CSS Grid
  - CSS Variables
  - CSS Animations
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Font Awesome Icons
- Google Fonts

## 📋 Sections

1. **Hero Section**
   - Animated introduction
   - Professional photo
   - Social media links

2. **About Me**
   - Professional summary
   - Personal background

3. **Skills**
   - Programming Languages
   - Development Tools
   - Computer Science Concepts

4. **Projects**
   - Project showcase
   - GitHub integration
   - Project status indicators

5. **Contact**
   - Contact information
   - Social media links
   - Location and availability

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mo-hossam-stack/my-project.git
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website locally.

## 📱 Responsive Design

The website is fully responsive and optimized for:
- Desktop computers
- Tablets
- Mobile phones

## 🎨 Customization

To customize this portfolio for your own use:

1. Update the personal information in `index.html`
2. Modify the styling in `style.css`
3. Adjust animations and interactions in `script.js`
4. Replace the profile photo with your own
5. Update the projects section with your own projects

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## 👤 Author

**Mohamed Hossam**
- GitHub: [@mo-hossam-stack](https://github.com/mo-hossam-stack)
- LinkedIn: [Mohamed Hossam](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-hossam-693903356)
- Email: m.hossam1050@nub.edu.eg

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Font Awesome for the icons
- Google Fonts for the typography
- All contributors and supporters of the project

---

⭐ Star this repository if you find it helpful!

Commit message:

Refine skills section with icon-based layout, spaCy badge, and improved dark theme contrast

README.md, after:

# Mohamed Hossam's Portfolio Website
A modern, responsive portfolio website showcasing my skills, projects, and professional information. Built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, this portfolio features a clean design with smooth animations and interactive elements.

## 🌐 Live Demo

Visit the live website: [https://mo-hossam-stack.github.io/my-project/](https://mo-hossam-stack.github.io/my-project/)

## ✨ Features

- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout that works on all devices
- **Modern UI**: Clean and professional design with smooth animations
- **Interactive Elements**: 
  - Animated skill icons with rotation effects
  - Icon-based skills grid with Devicon and Font Awesome
  - Enhanced Linux and GitHub icons for better visibility
  - Custom spaCy badge for clear branding
  - Smooth scrolling navigation
  - Interactive project cards
  - Social media integration
- **Performance Optimized**: Fast loading times and smooth animations
- **Cross-browser Compatible**: Works on all modern browsers

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
  - Flexbox
  - CSS Grid
  - CSS Variables
  - CSS Animations
- JavaScript (ES6+)
- Font Awesome Icons
- Devicon Icons
- Google Fonts

## 📋 Sections

1. **Hero Section**
   - Animated introduction
   - Professional photo
   - Social media links

2. **About Me**
   - Professional summary
   - Personal background

3. **Skills**
   - **Icon-based skills grid**: Each skill is represented by a colorful, animated icon (using Devicon and Font Awesome)
   - **Enhanced Linux and GitHub icons**: Improved contrast and style for dark backgrounds
   - **Custom spaCy badge**: Blue badge for spaCy skill for better visibility
   - Programming Languages, Development Tools, Computer Science Concepts

4. **Projects**
   - Project showcase
   - GitHub integration
   - Project status indicators

5. **Contact**
   - Contact information
   - Social media links
   - Location and availability

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mo-hossam-stack/my-project.git
   ```

2. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website locally.

## 📱 Responsive Design

The website is fully responsive and optimized for:
- Desktop computers
- Tablets
- Mobile phones

## 🎨 Customization

To customize this portfolio for your own use:

1. Update the personal information in `index.html`
2. Modify the styling in `style.css`
3. Adjust animations and interactions in `script.js`
4. Replace the profile photo with your own
5. Update the projects section with your own projects
6. Add or update skill icons in the Skills section (see Devicon and Font Awesome for more icons)

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## 👤 Author

**Mohamed Hossam**
- GitHub: [@mo-hossam-stack](https://github.com/mo-hossam-stack)
- LinkedIn: [Mohamed Hossam](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-hossam-693903356)
- Email: m.hossam1050@nub.edu.eg

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) for the icons
- [Devicon](https://devicon.dev/) for technology and tool icons
- Google Fonts for the typography
- All contributors and supporters of the project

---

⭐ Star this repository if you find it helpful!
